src/client/install/README.md, before:


# OpenFin installers

> **WARNING: Don't move or rename the installers in this directory. Those are linked to other sites and moving/renaming would break the links.**

## TLDR;

To generate the installers, run `npm run openfin-build-installer` from the `src/client` directory.

It is only necessary to recreate the installers when changes are made to the manifest files (in `src/client/public/config/openfin`). 

Bear in mind **the manifests used to generate the installers are those on the published branch of the github repo**, so you should first push to your changes to the `.json` manifests to the remote branch, then generate the installers, then push those again.

## Explanation

The installers in this directory are generated by using OpenFin's online service. This process consists on:
1. Sending an HTTP GET request to a given endpoint, providing the following parameters on the query string:
- `config`: A URL pointing to a manifest `.json` file for the OpenFin app
- `fileName`: without extension
2. The response to that request will be the `${fileName}.exe` installer file for Windows

The script in `src/client/lib/downloadInstaller.js` automates this process, by constructing the URL of each manifest file within the current git branch and downloading each installer from the service.

Commit message:

Fix process to generate openfin installers + amend documentation

src/client/install/README.md, after:


# OpenFin installers

> **WARNING: Don't move or rename the installers in this directory. Those are linked to other sites and moving/renaming would break the links.**

## TLDR;

To generate the installers, run `npm run openfin-build-installer` from the `src/client` directory.

Note that [the installers](https://openfin.co/documentation/options/#installer) are just a 
wrapper containing **the URL** to the manifest, (**not** the manifest file itself), so there's 
no need to re-generate an installer when making changes to the manifests - When the updated 
manifest files are merged to the corresponding branch, the installer will pick up the changes.

## Explanation

The installers in this directory are generated by using OpenFin's online service. This process consists on:
1. Sending an HTTP GET request to a given endpoint, providing the following parameters on the query string:
- `config`: A URL pointing to a manifest `.json` file for the OpenFin app
- `fileName`: without extension
2. The response to that request will be the `${fileName}.exe` installer file for Windows, 
containing the URL of the manifest, which will be retrieved every time the installer runs and 
used to bootstrap the application.

The script in `src/client/lib/downloadInstaller.js` automates this process, by constructing the
 URL of each manifest file and downloading each installer from the service.
